[RATTLING]
[SAUL GRUNTING]
Guys.
Come on. Talk to me.
[SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
Crap, you already knew that.
Jesus, fellas.
There's a better way to do this!
Hello?
Oh.
Why are we going off-road?
[GROANS]
Whatever this is, can we please
don't do it in the desert?
Anywhere but the desert! Oh!
Oh, God. I'm gonna be sick.
[TIRES SCREECH]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
Come on, guys. This--
We can-- We can fix this.
Whatever the problemo,
we can fix it with dinero.
Mucho dinero.
Mucho, mucho, mucho dinero.
Come on. Please.
One of you,
just you talk, habla.
Come on,
b-before mistakes are made.
Come on, talk to me, guys, huh?
Please! Come on!
Just tell me what you want!
Jeez...
[SCREAMS]
Oh, no, no, no!
No, it wasn't me!
It was Ignacio! He's the one--
[STATIC CRACKLES]
[TAPE CLICKS]
[♪♪♪]
[THEME SONG DISTORTS, STOPS]
[TAPE WHIRRING]
[TAPE CLICKS]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
It's good.
You can't put seeds and stems
in the sink.
Put what in-- What?
Seeds and stems.
You can't put them
down the drain.
Uh--
We didn't do that.
Then what's this?
Regular sink stuff.
Listen, if you're gonna
do this shit,
at least flush it
down the toilet. Not the sink.
What are you, my mom?
We don't have drugs here.
Uh-huh.
You don't believe us.
She doesn't believe us.
FRANCESCA:
You sleep past noon,
you don't seem
to have regular employment.
Plus, your whole place
smells like a skunk's butthole.
Also, your sink
is full of stems and seeds.
Whoa, whoa. Look, narca,
we're not doing drugs,
so stop trying to cast,
you know...
aspersions.
"Narca"?
THUNDER: Yeah, "narca."
Feminine version of "narco."
Conjugate much?
[LAUGHS]
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
I gotta go.
Just leave the plunger outside
the door when you're done.
But it's still clogged, dude.
You do it, dude.
Heh, where you going?
Yo, lady.
We pay rent.
You can do it.
It's a simple
up-and-down motion,
like you're used to.
[♪♪♪]
[CLICKING]
Okay, okay. Okay.
[PAYPHONE RINGING]
[SIGHS, MUTTERS]
Yeah?
SAUL: Oh, good.
You're there. Great.
Great. Unencumbered by curious
eyes and ears, I'm guessing.
Wouldn't have picked up
otherwise.
Right. Excellent. Um...
Okay. Well, then...
[SIGHS]
Lay it on me.
FRANCESCA:
First things first.
SAUL:
No, I believe we agreed after.
I'm hanging up.
Okay, okay, then. Jeez, I--
Okay, if you're facing
the phone...
turn right, 90 degrees,
and, uh, walk straight.
You'll see some pieces
of broken concrete in the dirt.
Just pull back the one that's
kind of shaped like New Jersey.
New Jersey?
Alfred Hitchcock in a fez.
Whatever.
Just pull that one back
and you'll see a soda can tab.
It's got a fishing line
tied to it.
Follow that line, it'll take you
to an old water line,
and just keep pulling the string
and you'll get what I promised.
Okay.
Great. Was it all there?
I mean, the rats didn't eat it
or anything?
It's all here.
[SIGHS]
Okay. Well, uh...
tell me. How hot?
How hot?
Yeah.
Well, I still get followed.
Not as often as when the shit
first hit the fan,
but I still see them.
My mail gets opened.
My phone at home clicks
whenever I use it.
So the maestro buying the farm,
it didn't change anything?
No. If anything,
it made it worse.
Skyler White got her deal,
so the only ones left
to go after are you and Pinkman,
and I heard they found his car
down by the border, so...
adios, dope head.
Oh. So they're still into me.
Well...
What do you know
about the nail salons?
Nail salons are gone.
What? Gone? All of them?
Yup.
What about
the vending machines?
Gone.
Jesus!
Uh, don't tell me-- Laser tag?
Feds found it all, Saul.
But how?
It was shells within shells!
Damn it.
Okay.
Hey. Oh.
What if, let's say,
there was an overseas account,
um, in Antigua and Barbuda?
Tigerfish Corporation?
What?
Tigerfish Corporation, $850K?
I gave it to the feds.
You did what?
Why would you do that?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Time has expired.
Goddamn it!
FRANCESCA:
You put my name on the board
of a fictional corporation.
I had to.
I didn't really have a choice.
And a heads up would have been
nice, by the way.
So...
It's gone. It's all gone.
Those sons of bitches
took everything.
Except what you took with you.
And I'm guessing
that wasn't chump change.
Yeah, well...
Well...
Guess that's it.
Wait, wait, come on.
I just put more quarters in.
Can't you just, I don't know,
give me the lowdown?
There's nothing else.
Well, that's not true.
After all this time,
come on, just fill me in.
What-- Um...
How's Kuby?
No idea.
All right, how about Huell?
Huell?
[SIGHS]
I guess back home
in New Orleans.
DEA held him under
false pretenses or something.
So last I heard, he walked.
Good.
Um, how about Danny?
Or, uh-- Or Ira?
I mean, any word
on those two guys?
They have Internet
where you are?
Well, just--
Come on, give me something.
There's got to be some news.
Remember Bill Oakley?
He switched sides.
He came out, huh?
No, he's not gay.
He's a defense attorney now.
[SAUL SCOFFS]
Well, I mean...
What about you?
How are you doing?
I'm just great.
Prince Rainier proposed.
The private jet is taking us
to the palace on Thursday.
Yeah. Okay, well...
I guess that's it then.
I did get one call...
after everything went down.
Kim.
Checking in on me.
No kidding?
Mm-hm.
Your name came up.
Asked if you were alive.
She asked about me.
What did you tell her?
Nothing.
But she asked.
Yup.
[SIGHS]
Oh, okay, well...
I guess...
this is goodbye.
[LINE CLICKS]
Hello? Hello?
[COIN CLINKS]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[BEEPS]
Hi, I need a number in Florida.
Titusville.
Palm Coast Sprinklers.
It's on a road, um...
It's named after a fish.
Uh...
Tarpon Road. Right. Oh--
Well, can you put me through?
I'll--
Say again how much? Okay.
Hi.
I'm looking for...
Kim Wexler.
I believe she works there?
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[GRUNTING]
[HUFFS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[WHIRRING]
[MARION LAUGHING]
[CHUCKLES]
Another good one.
Oh, hey, Jeffie.
Look what the cat dragged in!
Hey-- Hey, Gene.
Yeah, your mom was showing me
this computer you bought her.
But he got it for me,
and I didn't know
what the hell
to do with it.
But look. Gene showed me.
You go to the box up here.
And then you type
in "funny cat videos."
I mean, that's it,
just "funny cat videos."
These funny cat videos
just pop up.
Look at this one. Look, look.
Cat eating ice cream.
Can you believe it?
It's like America's Funniest
Home Videos,
but you get to be the host.
Oh, wouldn't that be something?
Wow.
Hey. Jeffie, get some glasses
and we can pour
the old schnapps, huh?
Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
I thought a computer
would be good for her.
You know?
It was on sale.
Not a...
big buy at all.
Well, I think it's great.
"Treat your mom right,"
that's what I say.
Hey, Marion, how about we leave
you to the cat videos...
and Jeff and I
take our drink to go.
I mean, is that car running?
I'd love to take a gander.
Come on.
Okay.
[DOOR OPENS]
I swear, the computer's
the one big thing I bought.
And it's not even that much.
It's an old model on discount.
And nobody said nothing
to nobody. Not me, not Buddy.
Living our lives like normal,
just like you said.
Stop talking.
But I want--
Jeff, stop talking.
I need you to answer
some questions. First up:
You have a night shift, right?
You mean the graveyard shift
at the cab company? Yeah.
What are the hours?
We got a 9 to 6,
a midnight to 9. Why?
Get on the 9 to 6.
After that, we need to get
our hands on some barbiturates.
What?
You're shitting me.
What are we gonna do with them?
But you said we're done.
You said...
cross to the other side of
the street if I see you coming.
So we're back in business?
Oh, hell yeah.
♪ The sailor said
"Brandy, you're a fine girl ♪
♪ What a good wife
You would be ♪
♪ But my life, my love
And my lady is the sea" ♪
♪ Doo, doo-doo
Doo, doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ At night
When the bars close down ♪
♪ Brandy walks through
A silent town ♪
♪ And loves a man
Who's not around ♪
♪ She can still hear him say ♪
♪ She hears him say "Brandy ♪
Brandy!
♪ You're a fine girl ♪
Fine girl!
♪ What a good wife ♪
Con gusto.
♪ You would be ♪
♪ But my life, my love
My lady is the sea" ♪
♪ Doo, doo-doo-dah ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
[AL LAUGHING, COUGHS]
[FEEDBACK WHINES]
Thanks.
[SCATTERED APPLAUSE]
Wow!
Wow! He did that.
Ah! Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta.
Well, ahem,
that must have been
what it would be like
if you watched
the Hindenburg go down.
But worse, am I right?
Yeah, well, with gusto, right?
A bet's a bet.
[CHUCKLES DRYLY]
With gusto!
[LAUGHING]
Hey, what do you say
we go again, up the stakes?
Loser has to sing
with his shirt off this time.
No, no, no.
No more bets. Okay?
Come on,
I haven't been right once.
[BABY-TALKING]
Oh, what's the matter,
little fella?
You haven't been right once?
Not once?
Hey, can we get more peanuts?
[CLUCKING]
[NORMAL VOICE]
Come on, Viktor.
Don't be a wuss.
I'm not a wuss.
That's right. You're not.
You--
You gotta believe in yourself,
little buddy.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Come on, let's do one more bet.
One more bet, one more bet.
No. No more.
No more lemon wedges on my nose.
No more trick coins,
no more toothpick puzzles.
I-I'm not good at this.
Viktor...
this is an easy one.
Now, you grab the hundo before
I do, you get to keep it.
I grab the hundo first,
you buy another round.
The only rule is:
You can't move until I move.
Yeah, but I'm
so much closer to it.
It's like giving me the money.
So you wanna take the bet?
Yeah, I'll take it.
[SCOFFS]
[IMITATES BUZZER]
Son of a--
[LAUGHING]
You lose, sucker.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Another round, good man.
Once again, courtesy
of my little friend.
All right, all right.
[SIGHS]
You're fun.
[CHUCKLES,
THEN CLEARS THROAT]
[LISPS]
Gracias.
Ah, ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
[SIGHING]
You know,
you're all right, Viktor.
I just wish I knew
how you did it.
[SCOFFS]
Well, you see,
I'm a man of many talents.
[CLEARS THROAT]
And you are a man of very few.
Ha-ha! Kidding.
Ha! Kidding. Maybe.
[CHUCKLES]
Every time-- Every time,
she'll never see it coming.
Really?
[LAUGHING]
[CHUCKLES]
I need some night air.
Well...
Easy.
Looks like
one of our cabs is here.
Okay.
I'll bet you for it.
No, no. No bets.
[LAUGHS]
Come on, now. Hear me out.
It's simple.
Don't be such a pussy baby.
Look.
[IMITATES WHIP]
What?
Simple as simple can be.
Balance this book of matches
on the back of your hand
for 10 seconds.
That's it, and the cab is yours.
I'll even pay for it.
Are you just gonna punch me
or something?
No, I promise,
my hands won't touch your body
and I won't blow it off
the back of your hand.
Really?
My body will not touch
your body or the matches.
Fine. I gotta win one, right?
Huh?
All right.
That's right, you do.
Okay. Now count with me.
Ten, nine, eight--
Nine, eight--
Jesus! Jesus!
[LAUGHING]
[IMITATES BUZZER]
Loser!
I'll see you around
next time, pal.
This was fun.
Oh, and Viktor?
You can keep the matches.
♪ What a fine girl ♪
♪ Doo-doo, doo-doo
Doo-doo-- ♪
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
You call for a ride?
No, I'm good.
[TAXI PULLS AWAY]
[CHUCKLING]
[SNORTS, SIGHS]
♪ Doo-doo, doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo-- ♪
[LAUGHING, COUGHING]
You okay back there?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Just got a lot of booze
and nuts in my mouth.
I got water here, if you want.
On the house.
BUDDY [OVER RADIO]:
Car 357, what's your status?
Yeah, Car 357.
I'm about 10 minutes away
from my drop at 17 Delmar Place.
357, head to the airport
when you're done.
Copy that.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Are you doing okay, sir?
AL:
Yeah, I'm fine.
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
Hey, you can go.
I'm not giving you
another tip.
No problem, sir.
Feel better.
[♪♪♪]
[WHISPERING]
Sit.
Stay.
[SNORING SOFTLY]
[SHUTTER CLICKS]
[SHUTTER CLICKING]
[INSECTS TRILLING]
What the hell is this?
[SIGHS]
It's like James Whale's
traveling roadshow in here.
Whoever the hell that is.
But the Crystal Ship
definitely travels.
I'm sorry, you said
the what travels?
Crystal Ship.
It's what I call this thing.
All right.
Never mind, just no details.
I'm paying him to do a job.
Let's leave it at that.
No details? Fellas,
that money you put in my pocket,
that doesn't just extend
to this job.
That will get you
attorney-client privilege
on all matters.
No details.
SAUL:
Look at this setup.
What, you two drive around
like Mister Softee,
scooping out drugs
for all the good boys and girls?
We don't deal from here.
I said, no details.
He's standing in a meth lab.
It's not like he won't put
two and two together.
He is on a need-to-know basis.
I didn't wanna show my face.
Did he need to know that?
So you're not just
distribution.
You're the whole
freakin' package.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
You two actually make
the blue stuff.
Here?
[CHUCKLES]
That's amazing.
Can you not touch?
SAUL:
I mean, look at this.
I had a fish that could've
used this as a vacation home,
but you're using it
to make the goods, huh?
Yeah, that's
a round-bottom flask.
Mm.
Right? Round-bottom?
It's a flask for distilling.
It won't be if you break it.
Now, please, put it down.
Oh. Ahem.
Okay, so if you cook
the blue stuff,
then that means you're Igor,
and that makes you...
You're Heisenberg. Wow.
Hey, tell me, how much product
can you churn out
with this setup?
We're done.
We're done with the questions.
We ask the questions.
You have a job, one job,
and I still don't understand
how you're gonna pull it off.
Listen, when I get
all my ducks in a row,
I'll give you a PowerPoint
at the office,
but until then, just bring
what we talked about. Okay?
Don't worry,
I'm gonna make it work.
I'm taking the 80,000 as a
starting point for negotiation.
Take it any way you want.
That's the price,
and, uh, ahem,
I'm calling shotgun.
I will drive.
Oh, yeah. Sure.
I'll just stand, I guess.
[SOFTLY]
Dick.
At least you won't be
rolling around
like the last Christmas ham on
the back of the delivery truck.
You know, I've got bad knees.
Think you might have
messed up my rotator cuff.
You're lucky I'm not charging
you for my chiropractor.
She's expensive.
But she adjusts everything.
[ENGINE REVS, RATTLES]
[ENGINE SPUTTERS, SHUTS OFF]
Damn it.
[SIGHS]
You gotta give it some gas
when you're backing up.
I gave it
the proper amount of gas.
I guess that's why
we're moving then.
It just was idling too long.
It'll start.
[ENGINE CLICKS]
You should've just
let me drive, yo.
Look, nothing would be
different in this moment,
except you panicking
and flooding the engine.
[SCOFFS]
Bullshit.
Fellas, I was enjoying
the Laurel and Hardy vibe,
but I'm not such a fan
of the Bickersons.
Now, can you get me back
to my office?
I got work to do if you want me
to make some magic.
We just need to sit a moment,
that's all.
When it idles too long,
the fuel pump overheats.
And so we just need
to let it cool down.
[JESSE SIGHS]
[CLEARS THROAT, COUGHING]
So...
who's Lalo?
Who?
JESSE: Lalo.
You thought some dude
named Lalo sent us.
You seemed pretty freaked out.
Never heard of no Lalo
on the street.
It's nobody.
Hey, are you gonna
try that again? 'Cause--
Or are they gonna find us
buried in a sandstorm
a thousand years from now?
Just, please.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Bravo.
I second that.
And let me give you
two free words of advice.
Jiffy Lube.
Hold on.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[SIGHS]
[VEHICLE DRIVING AWAY]
[WHIRRING SOFTLY]
[MIKE NESMITH'S
"TAPIOCA TUNDRA" PLAYING]
Heh, where did you read that?
Personal Finance for Dummies?
I mean, is it wrong?
Heh, yeah, big time.
[CHUCKLES]
Don't put all your eggs
in one basket, genius.
♪ Reasoned verse
Some prose or rhyme... ♪
Yeah, this is mine.
[GRUNTS]
♪ And waiting hopes
Cast silent spells ♪
♪ That speak
In clouded clues... ♪
How about a water?
Sure. Thanks.
♪ It cannot be a part of me ♪
♪ For now it's part of you ♪
♪ Careful plays on fields ♪
♪ That seem to vanish
When they're in between ♪
♪ And softly as I walk away ♪
♪ In freshly tattered shoes ♪
♪ It cannot be a part of me ♪
♪ For now it's part of you ♪
♪ Sunshine, ragtime ♪
♪ Blowing in the breeze ♪
♪ Midnight looks right ♪
♪ Standing more at ease ♪
♪ Silhouettes
And figures stay ♪
♪ Close to what he had to say ♪
♪ And one more time
The faded dream ♪
♪ Is saddened by the news ♪
♪ It cannot be a part of me ♪
♪ For now it's part of you ♪
[SINGER SCATTING]
♪ Sunshine, ragtime ♪
♪ Blowing in the breeze ♪
♪ Midnight looks right ♪
♪ Standing more at ease ♪
♪ Silhouettes
And figures stay ♪
♪ Close to what he had to say ♪
♪ And one more time
The faded dream ♪
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
♪ Is saddened by the news ♪
♪ It cannot be a part of me ♪
♪ For now it's part of you ♪
[MACHINE SHUTS OFF]
You wanna know my trick?
Play your own game,
don't get caught up with
what the other guys are buying.
Mm-hm.
Like the man says:
"You never know who's swimming
nude till the tide goes out."
[CHUCKLES]
I guess, but--
I mean,
with this financial stuff,
it feels like the game
is rigged.
The big guys always win. Heh.
Well...
I wish I could disagree
with you, Viktor, but I can't.
There is definitely dishonesty,
but the majority, I believe,
are straight shooters.
Now, the-- The folks
responsible for, uh...
Enron, WorldCom,
Madoff and his ilk...
I believe there's a special
place in hell for those people.
Yeah.
[SLURPS]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
But in my experience,
that's the exception.
You can't let a few bad apples
spoil it for the rest of us.
In fact--
[PHONE ALARM BEEPING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Sorry.
[BEEPING STOPS]
[SIGHS]
SAUL:
Those look exotic.
I went through that phase.
I took every vitamin there was.
Hey. Guess
how many pills I took
to try to keep the hair
on my head?
[CHUCKLES]
Worked like a charm.
What are those for?
Cancer. Ahem.
Oh. Ahem.
Sorry.
Uh--
Is it, um...?
Is it bad?
Well, it ain't the good kind.
Come on, more drinks.
This one's on me.
Get two more here, please.
Hey, it's none of my business,
but, um...
should you be drinking?
You only go around once.
You got that right.
[SHIVERING]
You sure you don't wanna
take this one, Vik? I can wait.
No, it's all you.
Okay.
[SIGHS]
[CLEARS THROAT SOFTLY]
[BUZZING, BEEPING]
Feed me. What do we got?
FRANCESCA:
You remember
to take your fish oil?
I did.
B12?
Did it.
L-arginine?
Got them all. Next.
You're supposed to file
that appellate brief
for Hemple by 4.
Crap. Um...
Hey, could you put down
the travel magazine
and help with that?
I'm not a paralegal, Saul.
Anyway, your 12:30
just walked in.
Aces, send them in.
Oh! Enter, sunshine.
Cast some light
into my cold, dark world.
[SIGHS]
Hello, you're on the clock,
right?
So give with the info anytime.
When you're done.
I can multitask, please.
I'm not gonna talk to you while
you're on-- Whatever that is.
LBJ used to have his underlings
give him reports
while he was on the shitter.
Uh-huh.
Well, either I'm gonna leave,
or I'm gonna put my foot
in your skull.
[SIGHS]
[CONTROLLER BEEPS]
Fine.
[GRUNTS]
You should try one of these.
You walk like Frankenstein
after he was probed by aliens.
[CHUCKLES]
I can get you one.
It would do wonders
for your chi.
[SIGHS]
Let's go. Lay it on me.
All right. First...
there's your Mrs. Denise Gabler.
She's cheating, all right.
[WHISTLES]
Limber!
Ha-ha!
Well, at least I know
they didn't spot you.
No one could stay that aroused
with your mug
peeking through the window.
What else you got?
Now, next, I followed
your bus driver.
News flash, he really does
have a broken neck.
Fantastic.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
That makes my life much easier.
Keep it coming.
Second-story guy
out of Indianapolis, Lasky,
did a dime at Menard.
If you're looking for a talent
who'll keep his mouth shut,
you can trust him.
I say he's worth
keeping an eye on.
Second-story guy,
second-story guy...
I got more second-story guys
in my book
than pimples
at a junior prom.
What about, uh,
that Heisenberg fella?
High school chemistry teacher.
You're shitting me. Really?
Walter Hartwell White,
chemistry teacher
over at J.P. Wynne.
Working with a former student,
current meth head,
one Jesse Pinkman.
Wow.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
Uh, what else about the teacher?
He has lung cancer.
Jesus!
That's why he can't quit
with the coughing.
How bad?
Stage 3A, he's in treatment,
more tests to come,
but it doesn't look good.
Listen, even if this guy
was gonna live,
I wouldn't go near him.
He's a complete amateur.
Well, you see an amateur,
I see 170 pounds of clay
ready to be molded.
If the cancer doesn't get him,
it'll be the cops
or a bullet to the head.
Is that your appraisal,
or is that what
"He Who Shall Not Be Named"
says about him?
He didn't say anything.
The guy is small potatoes.
Yeah. Okay. I hear you.
I just...
I got a feeling about this.
This Heisenberg guy
has got something.
It's top-of-the-line product.
That's the buzz on the street.
I just think
with the right management--
Years ago, I bought a Betamax,
good product, top of the line.
Experts said
it was better than a VHS.
It turned out to be a complete
waste of time and money.
Hm?
Let it go.
[SIGHS]
Guy with that mustache
probably doesn't make
a lot of good life choices, heh.
So, yeah.
Uh, the second-story guy.
Uh, Menard, you said?
Right, right, right.
All right.
Part of a high-end crew,
fencing jewelry
up into Canada.
That Lasky kid
caught a bad break.
Cop was driving by just
as he was ducking in a window.
He did the time.
No one else on his crew
went down.
Solid.
[TV DRONING INDISTINCTLY]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[SIGHS]
NARRATOR [ON TV]:
The herd must stay well-fed,
rested and free of disease
or be left behind--
Couple more!
And shuffle, ladies.
Just like that.
[BEEPING, BUZZING]
One more time.
Fabulous.
Yeah?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Wait. What do you mean?
He what--?
Tell him to get his ass
back to the garage right now.
[MARION LAUGHING]
You're a cutie patootie.
[SIGHS]
You think you've seen
everything, heh.
[DOG BARKING OUTSIDE]
Shut that goddamn dog up
and get back in here.
BUDDY:
It's okay, Zeke. I know.
Get in.
Are you kidding me?
Absolutely kidding me?
I'm sorry, I couldn't--
You know how much time,
how much effort I put in
to finding the perfect mark?
I have to weed through
all these saps
who have wives
and families at home
to find somebody who is alone
with money and--
So, what?
So you can just wimp out?
The guy has cancer, man.
I found pills in his pocket.
Okay? The same ones my dad took
for pancreatic cancer.
So a guy with cancer
can't be an asshole?
[SCOFFS]
Believe me.
I speak from experience.
I can't rip off a guy
with cancer. I'm sorry.
Do you know how many
of the suckers
we've ripped off
have sob stories?
Every single one of them.
Besides, it'll be months
before they even realize
they've been taken.
This guy will already be dead,
so get back in your truck,
go back to the house
and finish the job.
No, man. I can't do that.
I can't.
All right. I get it.
You get over it, okay?
Please, believe me.
Before you know it,
you'll forget all about it.
Go.
Look, we're doing really well,
right? Hear me out, okay?
We're rolling in cash.
We can just let this one go.
Not your call.
[SCOFFS]
Yeah, but I pulled the tape
when I left.
The door is locked. We couldn't
get back in if we wanted.
Shut up!
Jeff, come on, man.
Back me up here.
Huh?
Oh, well, I don't know.
I mean, I can see
both sides kind of.
Forget it. You're fired.
Just give me the camera and go.
Fine.
Good! Go! We don't need you.
I know I don't need
to tell you this,
but since you're such a goddamn
amateur, I will anyway.
Keep your mouth shut.
If we're gonna do this,
we should leave now.
We're really
gonna go back there?
What did I just say?
Jeff, are you in or out?
What?
I'm down for this, I am,
but, uh...
But what?
What time did the guy
take the drugs?
We give it to him, what?
Three hours ago?
I don't even know
if he finished it.
He might be awake by now.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, but--
I said, don't worry about it.
It'll be fine.
That's it. Right there.
[SIGHS]
Come back and get me
in 20 minutes.
Just roll up slow
like you're picking up a fare.
It'll be fine.
Relax.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[♪♪♪]